Hey mate, looks good. I'm six minutes in. I just want to share things before I forget, so I might work backwards. The, oh the calculators. Because they're not, they haven't seen the brief, or I guess Ryan's looked at the brief, I don't know how much time they spent looking at it, but if in the video you list the calculators, that would be cool. And to mention that, you know, Sun and I guess yourself believe that Those calculators are great for SEO, you know, people searching and wanting to get an idea. And from there, you know, that's a capture page. Really, that's what those calculators are, is fancy capture pages that are SEO attractive for SEO. With the database stuff that you shared, making it so membership stuff they may or may not be interested in um but that your crm like so the database that you manage can plug into any crm so migration uh is uh simpler i guess and then come and then maybe linking that with the blockchain stuff that you're talking about and or automating business processes so beyond what a crm would do maybe just listing what a couple of those automation things are that people do, you know, that rely on blockchain to give them an idea. Because otherwise they may think that, okay, well, you know, we've got automations in pipe drive and we've got automations in Go High Level, so what would we need the blockchain automation stuff for? Anyway... And this is just nitpicking now. What is great and what they appreciate about your services, it's all really clear. And you mentioned when you were talking about payment shed, you're like, this is... This is, it could be the payment schedule or it's like a rough, or this is roughly what the payment schedule will be, or this is a rough payment schedule. Just being straight like this is the payment schedule. Because they are, they are, all the feedback has been, you know, the clarity has been good. So just removing the ambiguity of those words. Just having dinner now, I'll finish watching the video after. Just watch the rest of the video. It's good. If you are going to do a second pass, like with these other comments I've made, then whilst you're showing the calendar stuff, maybe talk like in the beginning of the calendar piece around like pipeline views or campaign views or either one really. Yeah, so, because I know you spoke about business stuff. However, where it's probably more relevant for them is the campaign views and potentially... Oh, scheduling as well, actually. So installation scheduling is something that is coming up. In fact, they're looking at an app at the moment. So in terms of areas where we can expand into is... install scheduling for solar and batteries, and then the messages and the nurture campaigns that go out and the after sales campaigns, all of that, as well as the property, the projects, the project delivery stuff. You know, that's something that can be mapped out there as well. So they're really relevant things to talk about. Thank you.