All right, so here's just a draft proposal on sort of the full offer here. for this global site and it's more than just a global site. It's like it's a site that's going to be compatible with all the blockchain technology that's coming out, making all your data AI friendly or savvy, and being able to have full control over your website. So being able to actually use the native code and edit it as you need to so that you're not just dependent on me. So yeah, what this really is, is, you know, it's the full site. So if we just go down here, we've got the... the project page where I've just gone through and I've just worked out every single page and yeah counted them and this is basically how many pages we got roughly about 70 pages 80 pages So that's just sort of a nice way to sort of manage and see the progress as we go through these 85 tasks, which are not all pages. And then I've split up pages into logic based and content pages. Logic ones have a bit, you know, they're a bit more complex and don't really want to stuff them up. I'll talk about that site editor in a second. So that's that side of it. And then, yeah, what I just showed you there is I've just been, you know, the market's changing and we are getting code editors that are sitting in the browser now. So I've been trying out one of them and I've found this one here. And I just went ahead and just tested editing this, you know, so you can go and change this to buy now. So that's a way that you can go and edit the content on the page. There's going to be a lot of different ways. This is just one I'm trialing out, so maybe I might do it a different way. But basically it's a way that someone who's doing SEO or anyone who's doing the content of the pages can come along and make changes to anything without being dependent on me. So that would be a cool thing. So that's how that side works. And yeah, like they do have a little fee here. Like they're saying it's 25 cents to do that. But, you know, so I would add that on as like a monthly, but we, but I might find some other solutions around that where it won't be as expensive anyway. So that's just one way. that we would train someone up to edit the content of the pages. And that means you can edit any page, which was pretty cool, not just like pages managed by content management systems. And honestly, we could really put a content management system in there and a blog if you really want that as well. So then another thing I'd be doing is making every page like like basically the ability, I'll have a permission structure in the site. So this site will have authentication as well. So it's totally ready for turning into a membership site or things like that. But as part of just this SEO module, someone who's logged in and has the permission edit SEO on the page what they'll be able to do is then go to any page and see what the SEO is on that page, and then to go and click and edit it straight away. So I'm going to do a module that each page loads to do the SEO. Yeah, you do have this basic authentication system as well, which is dependent on a database that I run. And so you could evolve this into a membership system and undoing other things there as well as you move away from pipe drive or go high level and start just doing it all yourself. So I've got an upgrade strategy for you to go down that path completely as well. Yeah, this is all, you know, although you've got pipe drive and go high level, I'm also going to be giving you a CRM inside the system already, which you can go and you can tag different people and collect their phone numbers and email addresses and give them different tags for different types of marketing. And that offers like more integration in the future or we could do some syncing systems between your CRM and pipe drive or so it just offers other integrations in the future. and other ways to manage the data. And then obviously all the calculators, I think there's like 11 calculators I counted. So going through and doing all of those, just slightly different styles. And then I'd be training up two people to be able to edit the site and then also to be able to manage the metadata and maintain the site a little bit, just give them some tips. So really, you know, this is more like a partnership, a technology partner for you guys, where you can learn a lot from me. And yeah, and then the other side is I've just been managing the whole infrastructure. So, you know, this is infrastructure that you could do all sorts of things with. So the one-off cost is the 16K, and that's really just to bang the whole thing out. Amen. And then this is like an ongoing monthly like think like a managed service agreement or managed IT agreement now I mean you can go and do WordPress or web flow but both of those are never going to give you full flexibility over the design and also the ability to start integrating with blockchain contracts as well which is really honestly as AI kicks off AI needs blockchain to transact value so you'll they both go hand in hand big time when you actually start automating parts of your business. So, you know, a part of this is that you've got also underlying infrastructure and all this to do a lot more automation in your business, in everything. So, yeah, I mean, this is just comparison between comparing it with WordPress or Webflow. You're just going to spend, you know, twice as much, basically. And so yeah, like this would be like a rough payment schedule. And then we've got in here, I've gone through, this is the actual agreement here that you can have a look at. And you can view the actual project here and everything, all the pages that I'm going to make sure that we satisfy doing correctly. And you can also view the draft bill here. And yeah, we offer a crypto discount if you're paying in Bitcoin. And then you just go ahead and sign your email address, verify your email. And then once we've verified email, you can write down your signature, confirm your signature, and then you'll get a copy of the PDF download. And then basically move on to the project and the draft bill. And once that's finalized, we'll start doing the executing the project. So that's pretty much it. You know, pretty much my offer is always going to be whatever pipe drive's doing or go high level in the future. You know, you know that I'm building something very similar that's going to completely undercut that side of things. So, you know, this is just sort of like an intro into moving into that space now. And I could show you a lot more cool things as well, like... Yeah, I won't go into it right now, but yeah, maybe I will. I'll show you some cool stuff like stuff that we can do. Like, you know, this is the go high level equivalent that I'm doing. So it's where you get to, you can go and view your calendar. So you can go and view your business calendars. Or if you've got a bunch of calendars in here, so... You can click Birds Eye View and it combines all your calendars all as one. And you can go and view week. But what you can do in one of these calendars, say for instance, this Tomula Services Calendar, I can go on here on the week. But what I can do in here is I can schedule Or I might go just to the present right now. But this is, you know, so you can see, you could plan out your whole marketing schedule here. You could say, in here, we've got different types of things. We've got SMS broadcast, email broadcast, SMS and email broadcast. So you could say, you know, send an SMS to clients tagged with, you know, whatever. And then you could go and say, for instance, the client's tagged with InstaStud and Poker. And then this is the... Yeah, hey, check out this poker site or whatever. but you know or we could do an email and SMS broadcast so that's you know it's how you can plan everything out there and send them to the right places and set yourself subtasks and things so this is all the go high level equivalent that's going to give you a more bird's eye view approach of your businesses so the way you'll see it is you'll go to your business and you'll go to your business calendars so this is my business calendar that I'm building out and you might have 10 businesses so you might have 10 separate business calendars 10 different or you might create a calendar for a specific campaign and then or you might want to have multiple campaign calendars but then you want to see them all as one so then you can see them all as one and see how you know so there's a lot of things you can do in here but I'm not going to go into all that but that's pretty much you know what you're sort of setting yourself up for with this offer and I thought I'd just you know give you a good rundown of what's going on and if you want to get started or have a chat about things and we can take this further. Cheers guys.